African glass catfish
African lungfish
aholehole
airbreathing catfish
airsac catfish
Alaska blackfish
albacore
alewife
alfonsino
algae eater
alligatorfish
Amago
American sole
Amur pike
anchovy
anemonefish
angelfish
angel shark
anglemouth
angler
angler catfish
anglerfish
Antarctic cod
Antarctic dragonfish
Antarctic icefish
antenna codlet
arapaima
archerfish
Arctic char
armored catfish
armored gurnard
armored searobin
armorhead
armorhead catfish
arowana
arrowtooth eel
aruana
Asian carp
Asiatic glassfish
Atka mackerel
Atlantic cod
Atlantic eel
Atlantic herring
Atlantic salmon
Atlantic saury
Atlantic silverside
Atlantic trout
Australasian salmon
Australian grayling
Australian Herring
Australian lungfish
Australian prowfish
Ayu


Baikal oilfish
bamboo shart
bandfish
bango
bangu
banjo catfish
barb
barbel
barbeled dragonfish
barbeled houndshark
barbelless catfish
barfish
barracuda
barracudina
barramundi
barred danio
barreleye
basking shark
bass
basslet
batfish
bat ray
beachsalmon
beaked salmon
beaked sandfish
beardfish
beluga sturgeon
bengal danio
bent-tooth
betta
bichir
bigeye
bigeye squaretail
bighead carp
bigscale
bigscale fish
bigscale pomfret
billfish
bitterling
black angelfish
black bass
black dragonfish
blackchin
blackfish
blacktip reef shark
black mackerel
black pickerel
black prickleback
black scalyfin
black sea bass
blacksmelt
black swallower
black tetra
black triggerfish
bleak
blenny
blind goby
blind shark
blue catfish
blue danio
blue-redstripe danio
blue eye
bluefin tuna
bluefish
bluegill
Blue Gourami
blue shark
blue triggerfish
blue whiting
bluntnose knifefish
bluntnose minnow
boafish
boarfish
bobtail snipe eel
bocaccio
boga
Bombay duck
bonefish
bonito
bonnetmouth
bonytail chub
bonytongue
bottlenose
bowfin
boxfish
bramble shark
bream
bristlemouth
bristlenose catfish
broadband dogfish
brook lamprey
brook trout
brotula
brown trout
buffalofish
bullhead
bullhead shark
bull shark
bull trout
burbot
buri
burma danio
burrfish
burrowing goby
butterfish
butterfly ray
butterflyfish


California flyingfish
California halibut
California smoothtongue
canary rockfish
candiru
candlefish
capelin
cardinalfish
carp
carpet shark
carpsucker
catalufa
catfish
catla
cat shark
cavefish
Celebes rainbowfish
central mudminnow
cepalin
chain pickerel
channel bass
channel catfish
char
cherry salmon
chimaera
chinook salmon
cherubfish
chub
chubsucker
chum salmon
cichlid
cisco
climbing catfish
climbing gourami
climbing perch
clingfish
clownfish
clown loach
clown triggerfish
cobbler
cobia
cod
cod icefish
codlet
codling
coelacanth
coffinfish
coho salmon
collared carpet shark
collared dogfish
Colorado squawfish
combfish
combtail gourami
combtooth blenny
common carp
common tunny
conger eel
convict blenny
cookie-cutter shark
coolie loach
cornetfish
cowfish
cownose ray
cow shark
crappie
creek chub
crestfish
crevice kelpfish
croaker
crocodile icefish
crocodile shark
crucian carp
cuchia
cusk-eel
cuskfish
cutlassfish
cutthroat eel
cutthroat trout


dab
dace
daggertooth
daggertooth pike conger
damselfish
danio
darter
dartfish
dealfish
Death Valley pupfish
deep sea anglerfish
deep sea bonefish
deep sea eel
deep sea smelt
deepwater cardinalfish
deepwater flathead
deepwater stingray
delta smelt
demoiselle
denticle herring
desert pupfish
Devario
devil ray
discus
diver
dogfish
dogfish shark
dogteeth tetra
dojo loach
Dolly Varden trout
dorab
dorado
dory
dottyback
dragonet
dragonfish
dragon goby
driftfish
driftwood catfish
drum (fish)
duckbill
duckbilled barracudina
duckbill eel
dwarf gourami
dwarf loach


eagle ray
earthworm eel
eel
eelblenny
eel cod
eel-goby
eelpout
eeltail catfish
elasmobranch
electric catfish
electric eel
electric knifefish
electric ray
electric stargazer
elephantfish
elephantnose fish
elver
emperor
emperor bream
escolar
eucla cod
eulachon
European eel
European flounder
European minnow



false brotula
false cat shark
false moray
false trevally
fangtooth
fathead sculpin
featherback
featherfin knifefish
fierasfer
filefish
finback cat shark
fingerfish
fire bar danio
firefish
flabby whalefish
flagblenny
flagfin
flagfish
flagtail
flashlight fish
flatfish
flathead
flathead catfish
flat loach
flounder
flying characin
flying gurnard
flyingfish
footballfish
forehead brooder
four-eyed fish
freshwater eel
freshwater flyingfish
freshwater hatchetfish
freshwater herring
freshwater shark
frigate mackerel
frilled shark
frogfish
frogmouth catfish
fusilier


galjoen fish
Ganges shark
gar
garden eel
garibaldi
garpike
ghost flathead
ghost knifefish
ghost pipefish
ghoul
giant danio
giant gourami
giant sea bass
giant wels
gianttail
gibberfish
Gila trout
gizzard shad
glass catfish
glassfish
glass knifefish
glowlight danio
goatfish
goblin shark
goby
golden dojo
golden loach
golden trout
goldeye
goldfish
goldspotted killifish
gombessa
goosefish
gopher rockfish
gouramie
grass carp
graveldiver
gray eel-catfish
grayling
gray mullet
gray reef shark
great white shark
green swordtail
greeneye
greenling
grenadier
grideye
ground shark
grouper
grunion
grunt
grunter
grunt sculpin
gudgeon
guitarfish
gulf menhaden
gulper eel
gulper
gunnel
guppy
gurnard


haddock
hagfish
hairtail
hairyfish
hake
half-gill
halfbeak
halfmoon
halibut
halosaur
hamlet
hammerhead shark
Hammerjaw
handfish
harelip sucker
hatchetfish
hawkfish
herring
herring smelt
hillstream loach
hog sucker
horn shark
horsefish
houndshark
huchen
humuhumu-nukunuku-apua‘a


icefish
ide
ilisha
inanga
inconnu
Indian mullet
iniom



jack
jackfish
Jack Dempsey
Japanese eel
jawfish
jellynose fish
jewelfish
jewel tetra
jewfish
John Dory


Kafue pike
kahawai
kaluga
kanyu
kelp perch
kelpfish
killifish
king of herring
king-of-the-salmon
kissing gourami
knifefish
knifejaw
koi
kokanee
kokopu
kuhli loach


labyrinth fish
ladyfish
lagena
lake trout
lake whitefish
lampfish
lamprey
lancetfish
lanternfish
large-eye bream
largemouth bass
largenose fish
leaffish
leatherjacket
lefteye flounder
lemon shark
lenok
leopard danio
lightfish
lighthousefish
limia
ling
ling cod
lionfish
livebearer
lizardfish
loach
loach catfish
loach goby
loach minnow
longfin
longfin dragonfish
longfin escolar
long-finned char
long-finned pike
longjaw mudsucker
longneck eel
longnose chimaera
longnose dace
longnose lancetfish
longnose sucker
longnose whiptail catfish
long-whiskered catfish
lookdown catfish
loosejaw
Lost River sucker
louvar
loweye catfish
luminous hake
lumpsucker
lungfish
lyretail


mackerel
mackerel shark
madtom
mahi-mahi
mahseer
mail-cheeked fish
mako shark
manefish
man-of-war fish
Manta Ray
marblefish
marine hatchetfish
marlin
masu salmon
medaka
medusafish
megamouth shark
menhaden
merluccid hake
Mexican blind cavefish
Mexican golden trout
midshipman
milkfish
minnow
Modoc sucker
mojarra
mola
molly
monkeyface prickleback
monkfish
mooneye
moonfish
Moorish idol
mora
moray eel
morid cod
morwong
Moses sole
mosquitofish
mosshead warbonnet
mouthbrooder
Mozambique tilapia
mrigal
mudfish
mudminnow
mudskipper
mudsucker
mullet
mummichog
murray cod
muskellunge
mustache triggerfish
mustard eel


naked-back knifefish
nase
needlefish
neon tetra
New World rivuline
New Zealand smelt
nibbler
noodlefish
North American darter
North American freshwater catfish
northern anchovy
northern clingfish
northern lampfish
northern pearleye
northern pike
northern sea robin
northern squawfish
northern Stargazer
Norwegian Atlantic salmon
nurseryfish
nurse shark


oarfish
ocean perch
ocean sunfish
oceanic flyingfish
Oceanic whitetip shark
oilfish
oldwife
Old World knifefish
Old World rivuline
olive flounder
opah
opaleye
orange roughy
orangespine unicorn fish
orangestriped triggerfish
orbicular batfish
orbicular velvetfish
Oregon chub
oreo
Oriental loach
Owens pupfish


Pacific albacore
Pacific argentine
Pacific cod
Pacific hake
Pacific herring
Pacific lamprey
Pacific salmon
Pacific saury
Pacific trout
Pacific viperfish
pacus
paddlefish
paperbone
paradise fish
parasitic catfish
parrotfish
peacock flounder
peamouth
pearleye
pearlfish
pearl danio
pearl perch
pejerrey
peladillo
pelagic cod
pelican eel
pelican gulper
pencil catfish
pencilfish
pencilsmelt
perch
pickerel
pigfish
pike characid
pike conger
pike eel
pike
pikeblenny
pikehead
pikeperch
pilchard
pilot fish
pineconefish
pink salmon
píntano
pipefish
piranha
pirarucu
pirate perch
plaice
platy
platyfish
pleco
plownose chimaera
plunderfish
poacher
pollock
pomfret
pompano
pompano dolphinfish
ponyfish
poolfish
popeye catafula
porbeagle shark
porcupinefish
porgy
Port Jackson shark
powen
priapumfish
prickleback
pricklefish
prickly shark
prowfish
pufferfish
pumpkinseed
pupfish
pygmy sunfish


queen danio
quillback
quillfish


rabbitfish
raccoon butterfly fish
ragfish
rainbow trout
rainbowfish
rasbora
ratfish
rattail
ray
razorback sucker
razorfish
red snapper
redfish
redhorse sucker
redmouth whalefish
redside
redtooth triggerfish
red velvetfish
red whalefish
reedfish
reef triggerfish
Regal Whiptail Catfish
remora
requiem shark
ribbon eel
ribbon sawtail fish
ribbonbearer
ribbonfish
rice eel
ricefish
ridgehead
riffle dace
righteye flounder
Rio Grande perch
river loach
river shark
river stingray
rivuline
roach
rock bass
rock beauty
rock cod
rocket danio
rockfish
rockling
rockweed gunnel
rohu
ronquil
roosterfish
ropefish
rough pomfret
rough scad
rough sculpin
roughy
roundhead
round herring
round stingray
round whitefish
rudd
rudderfish
ruffe
Russian sturgeon


sabalo
sabertooth
saber-toothed blenny
sabertooth fish
sablefish
sailback scorpionfish
sailbearer
sailfin silverside
sailfish
salamanderfish
salmon
salmon shark
sandbar shark
sandburrower
sand dab
sanddiver
sand eel
sandfish
sand goby
sand knifefish
sand lance
sandperch
sandroller
sand stargazer
sand tiger
sand tilefish
sarcastic fringehead
sardine
sargassumfish
sauger
saury
sawfish
saw shark
sawtooth eel
scabbard fish
scaleless black dragonfish
scaly dragonfish
scat
scorpionfish
sculpin
scup
scythe butterfish
sea bass
sea catfish
sea chub
seadevil
seadragon
seahorse
sea lamprey
seamoth
sea raven
searobin
sea snail
sea toad
seatrout
sergeant major
shad
shark
sharksucker
sharpnose pufferfish
sheatfish
sheepshead
sheepshead minnow
shell-ear
shiner
shortnose chimaera
shortnose greeneye
shortnose sucker
shovelnose sturgeon
shrimpfish
Siamese fighting fish
sillago
silver carp
silver dollar
silver driftfish
silver hake
silverside
sind danio
sixgill ray
sixgill shark
skate
skilfish
skipjack tuna
skipping goby
slender barracudina
slender mola
slender snipe eel
sleeper
sleeper shark
slickhead
slimehead
slimy mackerel
slimy sculpin
slipmouth
small-eye squaretail
smalltooth sawfish
smelt
smelt-whiting
smooth dogfish
smoothtongue
snailfish
snake eel
snakehead
snake mackerel
snake mudhead
snapper
snipe eel
snipefish
snoek
snook
snubnose eel
snubnose parasitic eel
soapfish
sockeye salmon
soldierfish
sole
South American darter
South American Lungfish
southern Dolly Varden
southern flounder
southern grayling
southern hake
southern sandfish
southern smelt
spadefish
spaghetti eel
Spanish mackerel
spearfish
speckled trout
spiderfish
spikefish
spinefoot
spiny-back
spiny basslet
spiny dogfish
spiny dwarf catfish
spiny eel
spinyfin
splitfin
spookfish
spotted danio
spotted dogfish
sprat
springfish
squarehead catfish
squaretail
squawfish
squeaker
squirrelfish
staghorn sculpin
stargazer
starry flounder
steelhead
stickleback
stingfish
stingray
stonecat
stonefish
stoneroller minnow
straptail
stream catfish
streamer fish
striped bass
sturgeon
sucker
suckermouth armored catfish
summer flounder
Sundaland noodlefish
sunfish
surf sardine
surfperch
surgeonfish
swallower
swamp-eel
swampfish
sweeper
swordfish
swordtail


tadpole cod
tadpole fish
tailor
taimen
tang
tapetail
tarpon
telescopefish
temperate bass
temperate ocean-bass
temperate perch
tench
tenpounder
tenuis
tetra
thorny catfish
thornfish
thornyhead
threadfin
threadfin bream
threadsail
threadtail
three spot gourami
threespine stickleback
three-toothed puffer
thresher shark
tidewater goby
tigerperch
tiger shark
tiger shovelnose catfish
tilapia
tilefish
titan triggerfish
toadfish
tommy rough
tonguefish
tope
topminnow
torpedo
torrent catfish
torrent fish
trahira
treefish
trevally
triggerfish
triplefin blenny
triplespine
tripletail
tripod fish
trout
trout cod
trout-perch
trumpeter
trumpetfish
trunkfish
tubeblenny
tube-eye
tube-snout
tubeshoulder
tui chub
tuna
turbot
turkeyfish


unicornfish
upside-down catfish



velvet-belly shark
velvet catfish
velvetfish
vendace
vimba
viperfish



wahoo
walking catfish
wallago
walleye
walleye pollock
walu
warbonnet
warty angler
waryfish
wasp fish
weasel shark
weatherfish
weever
weeverfish
wels catfish
whale catfish
whalefish
whale shark
whiff
whiptail gulper
whitebait
white croaker
whitefish
white marlin
white shark
whitetip reef shark
whiting
wobbegong
wolf-eel
wolffish
wolf-herring
woody sculpin
worm eel
wormfish
wrasse
wrymouth


yellowmargin triggerfish
yellow perch
yellowfin tuna



zander
zebra danio
zebrafish
zebra shark
ziege
zingel
